chore: added Generate Command Explained to README (#518)
mozilla/lookml-generator: README.md

   but they can be run manually by clearing the `lookml_generator_staging` task in [Airflow](https://workflow.telemetry.mozilla.org/tree?dag_id=probe_scraper).
3. Once the changes are merged and a new release has been pushed, re-run the DAG and the changes
   should take effect.

> ## Generate Command Explained
> _high level explanation_

Reviewer: IMO the "high level explanation" qualifier is unnecessary.
```suggestion
## `generate` Command Explained
```
Or maybe like this:
```suggestion
## `generate` command high level explanation
```

> When `make run` is executed a docker container is spinned up using the latest `lookml-generator` docker image on your machine and runs the `generate` script (can be found [here](bin/generate)) using configuration defined on the top of the script unless [overwritten using environment variables](./docker-compose.yml#L13-L25) - see the `Container Development` section above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `make run` is executed a Docker container is spun up using the latest `lookml-generator` Docker image on your machine and runs the [`generate` script](bin/generate) using configuration defined at the top of the script unless [overridden using environment variables](./docker-compose.yml#L13-L25) (see the [Container Development](#container-development) section above).
```

> Next, the process authenticates into git and clone the `looker-hub` repository, creates the branch defined in the `HUB_BRANCH_PUBLISH` config variable both locally and in the remote. Then it proceeds to checkout into the `base` branch (looker-hub) and pulls it from the remote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the process authenticates with GitHub, clones the [`looker-hub` repository](https://github.com/mozilla/looker-hub), and creates the branch defined in the `HUB_BRANCH_PUBLISH` config variable both locally and in the remote. Then it proceeds to checkout into the looker-hub `base` branch and pulls it from the remote.
```

> Once the setup is done, the process generated `namespaces.yaml` and uses it to generate lookml code. A git diff is executed to ensure that the files that already exist in the `base` branch are not being modified. If changes are detected then the process exists with an error code. Otherwise, it proceeds to create a commit and push it to the remote dev branch created earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the setup is done, the process generates `namespaces.yaml` and uses it to generate LookML code. A git diff is executed to ensure that the files that already exist in the `base` branch are not being modified. If changes are detected then the process exists with an error code. Otherwise, it proceeds to create a commit and push it to the remote dev branch created earlier.
```

> The entire process results in a new branch in `looker-hub` with brand new generated lookml code which can be tested by going to Looker, switching to the `development mode` and selecting dev the branch just created/updated by this command. This will result in Looker using the brand new lookml code just generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The entire process results in a dev branch in `looker-hub` with brand new generated LookML code which can be tested by going to Looker, switching to the "development mode" and selecting the dev branch just created/updated by this command. This will result in Looker using the brand new LookML code just generated.
```

> The entire process results in a new branch in `looker-hub` with brand new generated lookml code which can be tested by going to Looker, switching to the `development mode` and selecting dev the branch just created/updated by this command. This will result in Looker using the brand new lookml code just generated.

Reviewer 2: I guess it's a new branch when doing the "Container Development" steps, otherwise changes will be available on `main` when the scheduled Airflow job is run

Author: I added this at the end, I hope that's what you meant
